[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
Anthony Sanchez with us,
author of the amazing book
"UFO Highway," which really does
an amazing job investigating
UFO cases.
He currently works to
bring public awareness
of the secret
underground facilities,
alien/human hybridization
programs, and the weaponization
of space.
Anthony, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>ANTHONY SANCHEZ: Thank you
so much for having me, George.
>>NOORY: You're looking good.
How you been?
>>SANCHEZ: I'm doing great.
>>NOORY: Keeping busy?
>>SANCHEZ: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What was your
response to your book
after you wrote it?
You got the kind of notoriety
and publicity you got.
>>SANCHEZ: You know, right
away I became somewhat
of a controversial figure in the
UFO community because, whenever
you--
it's sort of like
what's happening right
now with the Trump
administration,
they have this anonymous,
you know, op-ed.
It's the same thing.
When you interview an
anonymous source who
has incredible information about
the military industrial complex
working alongside aliens, it's
going to create controversy,
and it's going to make me
a controversial figure,
let alone the source
of the material.
>>NOORY: How did
you get involved
in the research, Anthony,
of UFOs and the Secret Space
Program?
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
So since the time I was a child,
I've had my own engagement.
You know, whether it
be UFO sightings--
I feel that I was abducted
by aliens when I was a child.
>>NOORY: Aha.
OK.
>>SANCHEZ: And I've
written about this.
I've written about this.
Most people don't
know about it--
>>NOORY: Yeah, you have.
You've documented that.
>>SANCHEZ: --but I've shared
that with other researchers.
You know, I've done
some personal writings
on my experiences,
and I've shared them.
Stephen Jones from the UK,
Norio Hayakawa from New Mexico,
Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
And a lot of people seem to
think that those experiences
as a child is what propelled
me into the research
as a young man.
And they're right, that's
exactly what propelled me
into the research.
I need to know what
happened to me as a child.
You know, I've seen orbs, I've
seen cubes, I've seen massive,
you know, classic
saucer-shape UFOs.
And that's really what has
thrusted me into this research.
>>NOORY: And take
this the right way,
but you're obsessed with
trying to get these answers.
>>SANCHEZ: Absolutely.
It's like a lifelong obsession.
You know, I have to know
what me and countless others
have encountered.
You know, is it something
that is in our mind,
or is it something that's
physical, or is it both?
And it's hard
getting to the bottom
of these types of
answers, especially
when you're delving into the
supernatural, the paranormal,
the esoteric, because
the experts that
are in academia who could
possibly offer guidance or give
you some sort of answer,
they shy away from it.
They don't want
to talk about it.
So we're left within our
own community of researchers
to engage with one
another and try
to come up with the answers.
>>NOORY: Anthony,
the president wants
an additional military force
called the Space Force.
There are some who say
we already have it.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: What do you say?
>>SANCHEZ: We do already
have a space force.
It's called the Air Force.
And if you look going back
decades with the Air Force,
they currently manage over
300 classified satellites
in space, not to mention
countless other satellites
from private sector
firms who have
to work with the military
to make sure that everything
is kosher up in space.
Here's the thing that
I find interesting.
Back in 2017, there was actually
a congressional committee
that was pushing for an
independent operating body
outside of the Air Force
for the purposes of space.
And they were pushing
for it because they
felt that the Air Force had
dropped the ball when it came
to Russia and China, who are
our two major adversaries when
it comes to the weaponization
and/or militarization of space.
>>NOORY: Where do we stand
right now, in your opinion,
with the weaponization of space?
>>SANCHEZ: The whole genesis
of the weaponization of space
can be traced back to the 1950s,
when the Space Race began.
But really, in 1967, there
was the Outer Space Treaty.
And this was a treaty that
had stated that anything
was fair game except for
weapons of mass destruction
in outer space.
Where that puts us today is
space is heavily weaponized.
And we have already
seen demonstrations
from the Chinese--
the most recent
demonstration was
from the Chinese,
whereby they have
developed ASAT technology, which
is anti-satellite technology.
They had literally blasted
an aging weather satellite
out of low earth orbit
as a demonstration
to both the Russians
and to the Americans--
>>NOORY: That they could do it.
>>SANCHEZ: --that
they could do it.
There are laser-based
satellite systems
that are disruptive
systems, a jamming
system to jam the signals
between the satellites.
What most people don't realize
is that our entire existence
today hinges on our
ability to communicate
via satellite technology.
Without the satellites
that are in space now,
we wouldn't have
GPS technology--
>>NOORY: Cell phones, nothing.
>>SANCHEZ: --cell phone
technology, and our military
wouldn't be able to communicate.
And the Chinese
know that, if they
were to take out just a
few critical satellites
that the United States
military operates,
they would essentially cut off
all communications worldwide
between the various
branches of the military.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SANCHEZ: And it would leave
us wide open for attack.
>>NOORY: What's the first
thing we do when we attack?
We take out command and control.
We did that in Iraq.
We did it in Afghanistan.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: That's what we do.
>>SANCHEZ: That's right.
So you know, whether it's
ground-based telecommunication
or, you know, space-borne
telecommunication, all of it
is critical to the success
of these military operations.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Carol Rossen, who
once was the right-hand aide
to the father of our space
program, Wernher von Braun,
was part of the group that
put the treaty together.
>> Hello, my name's
Carol Rossen.
I'm here to introduce to you
today a treaty that all of us
can work on that can actually
change the whole game that's
causing so many problems and
challenges on this planet,
that's causing so
much suffering,
so much damage, and
possibly the obliteration
of the whole human species.
I discovered that a
game was being played.
And it's aimed at
weaponizing outer space.
And why is that important?
Why is this an important
issue when we have
so many problems on the planet?
I'll tell you why.
It's because it is the
place, outer space, where
we can transform the entire war
industry into a space industry.
I've been working in the last
couple of months on a treaty
that we named the Outer Space
Security and Development
Treaty of 2011.
And as quickly as
possible, you and I
can work to get this signed.
What's unique about
it is it's going
to put a lid on the
total war industry,
while allowing it to transform
into a space industry.
>>NOORY: So that
was created in 2011.
>>SANCHEZ: Mhm.
>>NOORY: Does it have teeth?
>>SANCHEZ: You know, I met with
Dr. Carolyn Rosalynn in Bucks
County, Pennsylvania.
This is back in 2012.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SANCHEZ: And she and
I had a discussion, just
a brief discussion.
We were traveling
from one location
to another on the bus
as part of this group.
And I had already
made it clear to her
that I felt a treaty
of that nature was--
I mean, there's
substance behind it.
However, unfortunately, space
was already heavily weaponized
at that point.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SANCHEZ: If you go back to--
>>NOORY: More so now.
>>SANCHEZ: --right.
And if you go back to the
Reagan administration,
when they started talking
about the Strategic Defense
Initiative, this is what kicked
off Star Wars technology.
One of the reasons
why that happened
is because we realized
that China at that time
was capable of developing highly
advanced integrated circuit
technology and keeping on
par with technology that
was emerging from America
and the United States,
both the private sector
and the military.
So for me, I mean,
yes, there's substance
behind that sort of
a treaty, however, we
need to start thinking
beyond treaties,
and we need to start
thinking about mitigating
in the event of some sort
of a space-borne attack.
And most likely, it's going
to be from the Chinese.
The Russians just
released a satellite
that has done something
completely strange that
has dumbfounded our
military industrial complex.
All of the key contractors that
operate within the US military,
they're trying to
figure out how is it
that the Russians can create
a satellite that's berthing
itself in low earth orbit.
And they're trying to
get answers from Russia,
why are you developing
a satellite that's
berthing itself?
It's funny, because if
you think of the analogy
of a Russian doll,
there's the big one,
then there's a little one
inside it, then a littler one.
That's what the
satellite's doing.
And it's creating some
sort of like a path,
like a pathway of communication.
>>NOORY: Very sophisticated.
>>SANCHEZ: What's
bothering us about that
is that they're not giving
any explanation as to what
it's for.
>>NOORY: Of course not.
They're not going to tell us.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
Right.
So you know, so
there's a lot that's
happening up there right now
that's just causing a lot of--
I want to say chaos
within the military.
>>NOORY: Stress?
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: But what
do we have, Anthony?
What do we have up there?
We've got to have something.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
As a matter of fact, we have
highly sophisticated systems up
there right now, currently.
I was privy to some
information about one
of the most sophisticated
projects that's
on record, Leonid.
We may have discussed
this before,
but Leonid is the low earth
orbit nanosatellite interceptor
defense system.
>>NOORY: It's up there now.
>>SANCHEZ: It's up there now.
And as a matter of fact,
I was put in contact
with this couple, a
mother and daughter,
and they had
information that they
wanted to share with
me as a researcher.
They knew what I work in.
And she had said to me that her
husband was an engineer working
at Lockheed Martin,
and he made the mistake
of announcing to some
people at a party
that they were hosting that
they had successfully launched
the nanosatellites part
of this Leonid project
into low earth orbit.
Well, he went
missing a week later.
>>NOORY: Ugh.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
So--
>>NOORY: Did they ever find him?
>>SANCHEZ: --they
found him dead.
>>NOORY: Ugh.
>>SANCHEZ: And I--
>>NOORY: Foul play, no doubt.
>>SANCHEZ: --right, so
apparently he suicided himself.
And--
>>NOORY: With no blood around
or something, probably.
>>SANCHEZ: --no, they
found him in a car
in a parking lot outside
of Moffett Field.
>>NOORY: With a
shot in the head.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
There was an
abandoned McDonald's,
well-known place
in Moffett Field.
>>NOORY: Married
kid and everything
seemed to be going well.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
And I had been in contact with
Project Camelot, Kerry Cassidy,
and together we confirmed that
this was a legitimate, you
know, inside job.
And that project propelled
me into further research
into Black Project projects,
specifically with companies
that were around where I was
based in northern California.
And through doing some
research with Aerojet--
there was a company
called Aerojet--
I was able to uncover
congressional documentation
that pointed me towards the
existence of that project
Leonid.
And I shared that with
Linda Moulton Howe.
I gave her the
information on that.
>>NOORY: Yes, I remember.
>>SANCHEZ: And I started
receiving phone calls, visits
to my house from
people that said
they were from AFOSI, and to
not look into these projects.
And they knew that I was
writing a book, because I--
>>NOORY: Did they threaten you?
>>SANCHEZ: --you could
call it a threat, you know,
when they say don't
release the book, you know,
that you're planning
on working on.
And so it was a
little bit unnerving.
It was unnerving.
It's really scary when you
delve into these projects that
are military-based, when you
start to uncover the-- when you
start to uncover information
that they don't want known
to the general public,
you will get contacted.
And they will tell
you exactly what
it is you're doing
that's wrong, and what's
going to get you into trouble.
>>NOORY: If you were
running a country,
wouldn't you want
weaponization in space?
>>SANCHEZ: The answer
to that is yes, I
would want the
weaponization of space,
but not so much for the
purpose of being antagonistic,
but for the purpose
of mitigating
what others might do to us.
>>NOORY: How long do you
think it's been going on?
>>SANCHEZ: We know that
the weaponization of space
has been happening regularly
since the 1980s, for sure.
A lot of ASAT technology
has been developed by both
the Russians and the Chinese.
But when you jump all the way
up into more recent times,
you know that the
advancement in the technology
has just been exponential,
because if you think
about the X37B, which was on a
classified mission in low earth
orbit for 287
straight days, this
was the first classified
mission, a lot of people
believed that it was
not just an ISR, which
is intelligence, surveillance,
and reconnaissance, you know--
>>NOORY: Mission.
>>SANCHEZ: --mission,
they believed
that it was also a mission
slated for deployment
of classified technologies
that were inside
of the bay of the
extraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: That's possible.
On the Gaia program
"Deep Space,"
they talk about the
weaponization of the moon.
>> Project Horizon was an
idea put forth by the military
in the late 1950s for
sending a man to the moon.
And the idea was that
they would basically
just launch some
guys to the moon,
leave them there, and
shoot them supplies
until they could figure out
a way to get them back home.
It's kind of a way of
politically beating
the Russians to the moon.
What's interesting
about Project Horizon,
though, is that
they were supposed
to be sent to the moon
with nuclear weapons.
They were sent there
with nuclear missiles.
Now, the question
you have to ask
is, if you're going to send
weapons on an expedition
like that, exactly who are
you defending yourself from?
Are we going to start a
nuclear war with the Russians
by fighting with them?
Are we going to start a war
with the German flying saucers?
Or were we sending nuclear
weapons there with them
to protect them from aliens.
I think it's a really
interesting question.
I can't imagine any reason why
we would send nuclear weapons
to the moon other than
dealing with aliens or Germans
or somebody who had very
advanced technology.
>> The other thing that you see
is that you see the military
kicking off a
series of programs.
You see the army
goes out and comes up
with Project Horizon to land--
by 1962, to land 200
soldier astronauts,
as they called it, on
the moon, and to build
a permanent installation.
Then you see the Air Force,
they come out with Lunex,
the same kind of model,
except they wanted theirs
to be a little more mobile.
And the Soviets at
the same time came out
with Zvezda, which
was, again, to build
a subsurface permanent
facility on the moon.
>>NOORY: So it's been going
on for a long, long time,
this weaponization.
I mean, even looking
at Mike Barratt talking
about sending men to
the moon on basically
a one-way trip
with nukes, I mean,
my god, what are they planning?
>>SANCHEZ: Well, you know,
there's also the idea that we
may be defending from something
else other than another hu--
>>NOORY: Aliens?
>>SANCHEZ: --right,
it could be aliens.
A lot of people ask
me, are we under threat
from a potential alien invasion?
It sounds outlandish,
when you think about it.
>>NOORY: It does.
But.
>>SANCHEZ: But you have
some high-level individuals
throughout mainstream academia
who have warned against,
one, the existence
of aliens, two,
the malevolent nature
of them, three,
because of how
unsophisticated we
are by comparison
to a species that
could make it all
the way to our planet
and introduce themselves.
Stephen Hawking comes to mind.
You know, he was
very clear about,
if aliens were to
make themselves known
and introduce
themselves to humanity,
it wouldn't be good for us.
It would be a lot like when
Columbus visited the Indians.
That didn't turn out too
well for the Indians.
>>NOORY: That's absolutely true.
You've investigated underground
facilities on this planet.
Where are they, and what
are they being used for?
>>SANCHEZ: The largest one
we know of is in China.
>>NOORY: China.
>>SANCHEZ: In China.
3,500 plus miles of
state-of-the-art underground
facilities.
These are magnetic--
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>SANCHEZ: --these
are magnetically
shielded,
electronically grounded,
and they're living facilities.
Now, everybody knows
that the construction
was undertaken by the
People's Liberation Army.
And Philip A. Carver, who
was a former Pentagon analyst
and specialist who was also a
professor and who led a team
that conducted a
two-year-long survey--
a study.
They uncovered it.
However, people like
us in the UFO field,
in the research field,
we get information,
we're privy to
information from insiders.
And I had information,
that information--
>>NOORY: Years ahead.
>>SANCHEZ: --well, not
years, but let's say months.
>>NOORY: I'm giving you credit.
>>SANCHEZ: Yeah.
Months ahead of time.
And weeks before
they went public,
I went public on several main
outlets for the UFO community.
The late Jerry
Pippin, Mel Fabregas
with the "Veritas Show,"
and several other shows.
And I had given the
information about the existence
of these facilities.
And one of the things that
I like to draw a parallel to
is they say, well, why did
the Chinese build all of this?
Because Philip Carver,
Professor Carver's study
said that, oh, do you
house nuclear weapons
and other facets of
the military, you know,
equipment and whatnot?
Who needs 3,500
miles to do that?
I mean, that's overkill.
The real reason
is they're living
facilities for the elite class.
For instance, remember
the movie "2012?"
They had the arks.
If you had a billion
euros, you had your ticket,
you were safe in the event
of a major catastrophe.
Well, a lot of people
believe that there's
something forthcoming,
whether it's
World War III, some
sort of invasion,
or it could be something
natural, like, you know,
a coronal mass ejection.
These facilities,
from what I've been
told, from people who
said they've seen them,
they're like meant for a
billionaire class of people.
>>NOORY: Do we have them here
in the United States, too, in--
>>SANCHEZ: What we have here
in the United States are
we have a disparate network
of underground facilities.
We have amazing military
underground facilities,
like In Dulce.
>>NOORY: I think there's
some here in the Denver area,
under the airport.
>>SANCHEZ: Well,
Denver International,
everybody knows that
there's a massive continuity
of government facility that--
I mean, they unearth
enough dirt to--
that's equal to the amount
of 11 Great Pyramids.
This is a massive amount.
>>NOORY: It's huge.
>>SANCHEZ: Yeah.
So we also know that the private
sector has also begun to delve
into the construction of
state-of-the-art underground
facilities.
If you just Google SubTropolis,
you're going to find
a million-square-foot facility
here in the United States that
has state-of-the-art data
centers, office facilities,
refrigeration facilities.
And there are roadways in there.
And some people claim
that the roadways,
they're 1,600
miles long, going--
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>SANCHEZ: --all the way
up to Washington, DC.
>>NOORY: You believe this?
>>SANCHEZ: I don't have to
believe it, I've seen it.
>>NOORY: You've seen it?
>>SANCHEZ: Yeah,
SubTropolis actually exists.
Now, we have to ask ourselves,
do facilities like SubTropolis
actually exist within
the military world?
And the answer is yes.
We know the Raven Rock facility.
We know of Cheyenne Mountain.
There's so many
underground facilities.
Some people say, oh, those
are antiquated facilities.
I'm not so sure about
that, because there is
ongoing military operations--
>>NOORY: They're probably
state-of-the-art.
>>SANCHEZ: --right, and there's
constantly retrofitting these
facilities, making them--
>>NOORY: Well, you know,
isn't it smart, though,
to be ready for a catastrophe?
>>SANCHEZ: --I think so.
>>NOORY: I mean, I don't see
anything sinister about it.
The sinister part
is that they're not
telling the American
public about it, because--
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: --these facilities
are for them, not for us.
And if we knew that, the
world would go crazy.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
And we're constantly
making these discoveries
about potential
asteroids that could
cause an extinction-level
event here on Earth.
And you know, with that sort
of knowledge, we have to ask,
is there some part
of the government
that is actively constructing
underground facilities?
And if they are, for who?
>>NOORY: And we think
the answer is yes.
>>SANCHEZ: Yeah.
>>NOORY: For them.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
And when you say them, I want
to point to the elite class.
You know--
>>NOORY: Yeah, I
agree with that.
>>SANCHEZ: --which
would include, you know,
high-level
politicians, you know--
>>NOORY: The rich, the famous.
>>SANCHEZ: --the rich.
The very, very rich, yeah.
>>NOORY: I don't have a ticket.
>>SANCHEZ: I don't.
>>NOORY: We won't be going.
>>SANCHEZ: Well, at least
we're warning everybody.
>>NOORY: I've
always told people,
if an asteroid
comes our way when
I'm doing "Coast to Coast,"
that's what I'll be doing.
>>SANCHEZ: I'll be listening.
But you know, you have this
whole community of preppers.
You know, we discuss a lot on
"Coast to Coast," you know,
you have the entire prepper
community out there.
And you actually have
people in states like Nevada
and way up in northern
California, preppers
that are building their
own underground facilities.
I mean, there are
plans online how
to construct your own
two-story underground facility
to last for five to 10 years
in the case of something
catastrophic.
And you know, they're vacuum
sealing rice and beans,
and they're storing away water
and they're putting away fuel,
they're building these
ingenious solar panel
system, electrical systems.
And it's amazing
what they're doing.
>>NOORY: Anthony, paint
us a picture, though.
If you go into one of these
underground shelters for 10
years because of some calamity
that occurred outside,
and you come back out after
10 years, what's left?
>>SANCHEZ: Well, you have
to figure-- let's say
if it was a nuclear event.
There would have
been a nuclear winter
that we would have to have--
>>NOORY: Oh,
everything's obliterated.
>>SANCHEZ: --everything is gone.
So resources would be
something to consider.
You know, is the
water drinkable,
is the air breathable.
>>NOORY: So who wants to
live in that environment?
Do you?
>>SANCHEZ: I've come
to terms with the idea
that, if something
were to happen,
I don't know if I'd make the
effort to try and survive
through it, you know, in an
underground type facility.
>>NOORY: You know, think of
the planet the way it was
and the way it could be.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: It's too upsetting.
>>SANCHEZ: I like to
think that the Earth,
the humanity is here on Earth,
and we're somewhat parasitic,
and that we eventually will be
gone and the Earth will return
to what it naturally is,
which is a beautiful green--
>>NOORY: Would we ever
get helped by the ETs?
Would they come
here and save us?
>>SANCHEZ: It's
so funny, George,
attending a lot of
the conferences,
like the Awake and
Aware Conference,
all the different
conferences, you know,
there are individuals
out there who
truly believe that we
are already interacting
with alien species who are
just watching and waiting
to see if we're going
to make that next step
towards a positive
evolution or we're
going to devolve through
something like a World War III.
And one of the
questions that comes up
is exactly what you asked,
are they going to intervene,
or can they prevent
that from happening?
I've heard some pretty
convincing arguments
that it will happen,
that we're being
monitored by alien
species who don't
want us to destroy ourselves.
>>NOORY: Can we coexist
with them, Anthony?
>> I guess the question then
would be then, well, OK,
if there were these ancient
astronauts, as they call them,
in our distant past,
did they all leave,
or are some of them still here?
How do you answer that?
Well, it's real simple.
You look at, truthfully and
clearly, at human history.
If, as we're taught
in school, we're
the product of just a slow
evolutionary climb from cavemen
to hunter-gatherers to
city-states to nations
to empires, as we're
taught, then that
should be our history, and
there shouldn't be anything else
there.
But if you look
carefully, you'll
find that, from the flying
boats of the ancient Egyptians
to the dragons of the Chinese
to the Dogon tribe in Africa
that talks about the
people come from Sirius,
and you talked
with the Aborigines
in Australia that
talk about the gods,
you talk about the
Aztecs and the Incas that
talk about the
gods from the sky,
and then you bring it
right on up to the UFO,
to the cattle mutilations,
to the crop circles,
to the abductions,
somebody's still here.
>>NOORY: The late Jim Mars.
I miss him, Anthony.
>>SANCHEZ: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What a
great researcher.
>>SANCHEZ: You know, I had a
great conversation with him
before he passed in a
little video on YouTube.
And I have to tell you,
a lot of the ideas that
came out of that man's
mind were just amazing.
But he's absolutely right.
People ask me, they
put me on the spot,
and they say, OK,
Anthony, are we alone?
And my answer to that is no.
Our history, the history
of humanity as a whole--
and you look at all the various
evidence that's out there,
you know, it points back
to this timeline going back
almost 13,000 years that shows
that there was something,
there was some
group of individuals
here-- now, well, if you
look at the Sumerians,
they talk about the Anunnaki.
And they quite clearly
state that they are not
from this world.
First of all, they're nine to 12
feet tall, highly intelligent,
highly powerful, and they were
talking about the gods that
are coming out of the Acadian--
>>NOORY: And they're right
there in the Book of Genesis,
too, by the way.
>>SANCHEZ: --right, when
they talk about the Nephilim.
And as a matter of
fact, in the Bible,
there's a passage
that actually mentions
one of these gods of the
Sumerian list of kings
and gods--
>>NOORY: From Anunnaki.
>>SANCHEZ: Anunnaki,
which goes back,
like over a million years back.
>>NOORY: 400,000
years maybe, at least?
>>SANCHEZ: Well, some of
them, right, but actually
some of them go back a
million, 500,000 years.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>SANCHEZ: So but
Tammuz is mentioned
is one of these deities that
existed 250,000 years ago,
but then Tammuz is actually
mentioned in the Bible,
as well.
It's all well documented.
But yes, one of the things we're
learning now through research
is that there's scientific
evidence that actually points
to an event that happened some
13,000 years ago that nearly
wiped out humanity.
And at that time--
>>NOORY: Did it wipe
out Atlantis, too?
>>SANCHEZ: --right.
So a lot of the writings
that came from Plato and--
I forget the-- there's
one of Plato's relatives,
he's a direct descendant of
another Greek philosopher,
but he talks about Atlantis, and
the timing works out perfectly
that it would have
been at this juncture
in time which was
around 13,000 years ago.
Here's the thing, a
lot of the writings
that supposedly
existed on Atlantis
and what these people
were all about disappeared
when the library of Alexandria
was burnt to the ground.
We lost so much
about early humanity
that it's just unrecoverable.
So matter of fact,
if you look at a lot
of the Greek
historians, they always
refer to the people from
the time of Atlantis
and before Atlantis
as the ancient ones.
And there was a lot of writings
about the ancient ones that
was at Alexandria
that's just now gone.
It's just forever
lost to humanity.
And what we believe is that,
before 13,000 years ago,
there was an intelligent race
of humans that were highly
technologically advanced.
And they created facilities
across the globe.
If you look at a lot of--
look, if you look at
Pumapunku and if you
look at ancient Egypt, and
you do a lot of comparisons--
also, with the Incan
and Mayan ruins--
if you do a lot of comparisons
of the architecture,
the similarities are striking.
>>NOORY: Oh, they're astounding.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
It's like, how could people
across an entire planet,
at the same time,
have technology
to create such architecture?
>>NOORY: Well, and
how do you explain
some of these ancient
carvings we just
looked at, with the GMR
section, where you could clearly
see what looks like
an alien being waving
with a spaceship over his head?
Who would come up with that
20, 30, 40,000 years ago?
>>SANCHEZ: Remember,
when we looked
at-- when we looked
at-- all you need to do
is look at the Sumerians.
And when we look
at their culture,
and we look at a lot
of the cuneiform--
>>NOORY: Tablets?
>>SANCHEZ: --clay tablets that
were found in southern Iraq--
going all the way
back to the 1840s,
when they were first discovered
by Western archaeologists--
a lot of what they wrote
was about the Anunnaki,
who were not of this Earth.
And I think that's what
most people-- that's
why we don't learn about
the Anunnaki in our schools.
We're not taught
about the Anunnaki.
>>NOORY: What a
great course that--
>>SANCHEZ: We're not
talking about the Sumerians.
>>NOORY: That would
be a great course.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: Wouldn't it?
>>SANCHEZ: And we're not taught
about the Sumerian culture.
It's overlooked.
And a lot of that has to do
with politics and religion
because a lot of our modern
academic institutions are based
on ones that were
created-- going back 1,000,
2,000 years ago--
which were founded
on religion and then,
ultimately, political
ideologies that just don't want
to have anything to do with
Sumerians, who contradict
quite a bit of
what we were taught
in both religions in schools.
>>NOORY: There are
so many mysteries
on this planet, Anthony,
that we have barely scratched
the surface of what's going on.
But with great researchers,
like you and the late Jim Marrs,
maybe we're going to get
these answers, eventually.
>>SANCHEZ: What's going
to happen when Antarctica
becomes--
>>NOORY: When it really melts?
>>SANCHEZ: When
it starts to melt?
I mean, they're
saying that there is--
for instance, the Russians
just discovered a lake.
I think it's some five
miles beneath of ice,
or two miles beneath the ice.
A freshwater lake that
was untouched for millions
of years, and they say
that they're already
discovering species down
there that we have--
>>NOORY: That we have
no idea what they were.
>>SANCHEZ: No.
>>NOORY: None.
>>SANCHEZ: Yeah.
But who's to say--
>>NOORY: And that's our planet.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
And who's to say that
there weren't vestiges
of humanity that,
at one time, existed
on Antarctica a long time ago?
Let's say 20,000 years
ago, 50,000 years ago.
What's that going
to tell us about who
we are today, when the earliest
known form of writing that we
know about emanates from
the cradle of civilization,
the Tigris and Euphrates,
via the Sumerians,
who they don't teach
us about in school?
>>NOORY: Well, we know,
obviously, we've been visited.
I mean, it's clear that just
with the artifacts that are
out there, we've been visited.
The big question is, are
we still being visited,
or are they here among us now?
>>SANCHEZ: I like to think
they're still here among us.
We had been visited--
we had been visited,
and I think they're
here-- they're still here.
If you look at a
lot of the research
that's been done based
on people of today who
claim to have been abducted
by gray aliens, who
claim to have seen
orbs, who claim to have
seen massive tubes in the sky.
People that undergo
memory regression
and give incredible
detail about situations
that they found
themselves in with people
that are not of this Earth--
beings that are
not of this Earth.
And the similarities
of the stories.
We're talking about
disparate communities
across the globe,
individuals who
don't share the same language,
giving the same details
about what happened to them.
It makes you wonder,
is it really happening?
I think the answer is yes.
I think that there are
grays on this planet.
other alien communities.
I've had conversations
with Linda Moulton Howe,
and she's made it quite clear to
me that, through her contacts--
very high-level contacts-- that
there are other alien species
on this planet.
>>NOORY: Why does it
appear that there's
a suppression of information
from the UFO community?
>>SANCHEZ: We have
to ask ourselves,
why are these wonderful groups,
like MUFON and various others,
being staffed with
ex-FBI, ex-CIA--
>>NOORY: Plants.
They're plants.
>>SANCHEZ: Are they plants?
Are they there to
espouse disinformation?
hide various elements
of the data that's
been collected
over the many, many
years from the public?
This is why I'm
actually leading up
an effort trying to put
together a non-profit to start
something that's
free to everybody,
that no one has
to pay a dime for.
You don't have to join, other
than give your email address.
And you have direct
access to tools
to research the history of UFOs
and alien abduction phenomena
here on Earth using a global
connected network of tools
available to everybody.
>>NOORY: Would computers
play a role in that?
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
I'm actually building
servers across the globe
right now for a new project
I'm doing called UFO Nexus.
And it's going to allow
people to communicate online,
in real time, and see where
UFO sightings are appearing
on the planet--
>>NOORY: Connected worldwide.
>>SANCHEZ: Worldwide.
A worldwide network.
>>NOORY: That's a great idea.
What about abductions?
Would they be
added to that, too?
>>SANCHEZ: Same thing.
Abductions, yeah.
So reported abductions,
reported sightings.
And we're going to
have a whole list
of other types of
supernatural and UFO
and alien-based scenarios that
can play out that will appear
in the UFO Nexus network.
>>NOORY: You and I go to
a lot of UFO conferences.
Do you think some of them
are infiltrated by CIA
or secret government people?
>>SANCHEZ: I do.
In 2011, I was at
an event, and I
was speaking with Janet
Saylor, who had the ASB
organization in New Mexico.
And it was a great event.
I met a lot of
good people there.
Dr. Rita Louise was there,
and a whole bunch of people
in the community.
Stan Friedman was there.
And we were--
>>NOORY: Love the guy.
>>SANCHEZ: We were having
a discussion on Dulce,
and there was a strange
couple that had approached me
at the time, and they
asked me if I wanted
to leave the
conference to go appear
at their-- they had a
television studio there in town.
And Janet was-- she
overheard what was happening,
and she looked at
me and she said--
she gave me these hand
signals like, don't you
dare leave with these people.
And they were very persistent.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SANCHEZ: And ultimately--
>>NOORY: What were they
going to do with you?
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
So Janet and several
other people came over,
and they kind of intervened.
And Janet said, there
is no television studio
in Angelfall in New Mexico.
>>NOORY: Uh-oh.
>>SANCHEZ: There's no-- she
goes, who are you people?
>>NOORY: Uh-oh.
>>SANCHEZ: And they became
kind of confrontational.
And then they just left.
And Janet said--
>>NOORY: Did they
want to kidnap you?
>>SANCHEZ: I don't know
about kidnap, but maybe--
I don't know, George.
It's just, were they
from the military?
Possibly.
That's what we surmised.
That's what we thought
of at the event.
We said maybe these
were people who
were unhappy with what I
was sharing about this Dulce
facility at this
particular conference.
Maybe they were there
to tell me, hey,
you better not go
up and speak about--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SANCHEZ: --the facility.
>>NOORY: Without being direct.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
And we do know that
there are people
that attend MUFON meetings,
and various other groups that
put on conferences.
We know that they're
infiltrating--
>>NOORY: What about
MUFON, Mutual UFO Network?
>>SANCHEZ: MUFON is
a great organization.
>>NOORY: Have they
been infiltrated?
>>SANCHEZ: A lot of people
believe they have been.
>>NOORY: Do you?
>>SANCHEZ: I do.
I do.
I think that, at times,
MUFON has been infiltrated
by various government entities.
For instance, we
know that MUFON--
do you recall the
NIDS program they had?
>>NOORY: Yeah, absolutely.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>SANCHEZ: And a lot of people
felt that that was some sort
of a compromised--
that the government
was just too involved
in MUFON, which
should have nothing
to do with the government,
on the surface.
And then Bigelow has strong
ties to the military industrial
complex.
>>NOORY: He does.
>>SANCHEZ: And I don't know--
>>NOORY: But I think
he's the real deal.
>>SANCHEZ: Oh, he
is the real deal.
And I don't know if
anything negative has ever
come about through the
so-called infiltration of groups
like MUFON.
Maybe the suppression of
some information, but not
all information.
Because so much has come
out of groups like MUFON.
I have a lot of friends who
are investigators within MUFON,
and they do an amazing job.
>>NOORY: Where
does all this head?
Where is it leading?
>>SANCHEZ: Well, we have the
suppression of information,
we have chaos happening
in the low Earth
orbit with the
weaponization of space.
We have suppression of ideas.
At the same time, we have
shows like "Beyond Belief,"
"Ancient Aliens."
We have the old
"UFO Hunters" show
with Bill Birnes
that are doing things
like pushing the information
that they don't want out there
to the public.
>>NOORY: And great
podcasts, too,
from a lot of dedicated people.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
Yeah.
Oh, Jimmy Church is a--
>>NOORY: Oh, Jimmy's my buddy.
>>SANCHEZ: Connie Willis.
The two of them have
some great podcasts.
And there are--
I like to think of them as
little mini George Noorys.
They get out there and they
just put the truth out there,
and they ask the hard questions.
And they don't pull any punches.
And the information that
ends up out in the public
is, a lot of times, what's
trying to be suppressed by--
the information that's trying
to be suppressed by the powers
that be.
>>NOORY: See, and what
I think we need to do,
Anthony, and we're doing
it, is to give people
like that the vehicle
to get their word out
so people can hear them.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: You may not have 50
people listening to a certain
podcast--
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: --at any given time.
But when Connie comes
on, or Jimmy does,
they've got a platform
of millions of people,
and they get that word out.
And that's important.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: Or when you're on,
talking about the UFO highway.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
>>NOORY: It's a huge audience
night for us, and for you.
>>SANCHEZ: Yeah.
And so many of us researchers
are grateful to you, George,
and to your entire
team of people that
are just making this possible.
>>NOORY: Well, I'm hopeful,
and thankful to companies
like Gaia, who
invest a lot of money
to get the answers out to
these great mysteries that
are surrounding all of us.
And you don't get that
kind of opportunity
in many other places to be
able to just get the word out
about all these
incredible mysteries.
Where do you think this
heads for all of us, though?
What's the end game here?
>>SANCHEZ: Ultimately,
I think that we're
looking at a new future that
is unlike anything that we
could even imagine.
I like to believe that,
because technology
has evolved exponentially,
from just a short time ago,
that it's affecting humanity
on a level that none of us
are capable of imagining.
By 2020, they think
that the average person
is going to have more
conversations with bot
technology than actual humans.
We are already interfacing
with artificial intelligence
on a daily basis.
How many households
across the globe
have this new technology,
these little devices
that they speak to?
So are we transforming
as a species?
And with all of
the climate change,
is somebody
terraforming our planet?
Is that a possibility?
Where does this all lead?
That's a hard
question to answer,
but it's going to be unlike
anything we could imagine.
>>NOORY: Take a moment and look
at that camera directly right
over my shoulder, and talk
to the people watching
this program right
now, who may be
concerned about their future
and their children's future.
What do you tell them?
>>SANCHEZ: I think that,
if we could come together
as a collective group
of like-minded thinkers
hoping for a positive outcome,
we could make it happen.
I believe in the
power of intention.
I believe that, with all the
negativity that is out there,
it takes just a handful of
us to come together and think
on a whole other
plane of positivity
to ensure that the
future for our children
is going to be a
wonderful place,
and not something
that's negative.
>>NOORY: Thank you, Anthony.
Are you concerned
about your own safety--
>>SANCHEZ: I used to be--
>>NOORY: --at this point?
>>SANCHEZ: --when I started
delving into black budget
projects, these black projects.
I never thought that people
would actually come to my house
and ask me to stop
doing what I was doing.
I never thought I'd
get these phone calls.
I actually had my
house broken into
and all my hard
drives were stolen.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>SANCHEZ: Everything was left,
but my hard drives were stolen.
So--
>>NOORY: They won't
stop at anything.
>>SANCHEZ: No.
That had to do with
their project lead-in.
They really didn't want
me talking about that.
But thank god for Linda,
it's at her site now.
>>NOORY: But you seem
to keep going forward.
>>SANCHEZ: Have to.
>>NOORY: You don't stop.
>>SANCHEZ: You have to.
Look at Jim Morris.
He never stopped.
>>NOORY: No.
>>SANCHEZ: I don't want to stop.
>>NOORY: What do you
say to new researchers?
Young people who want
to get into what you do.
>>SANCHEZ: Right.
Listen, I think that the
future of the UFO community
hinges on a youth effort.
We need young people to
take a strong interest
in what most people
have tried to shame
over the last 20 to 30 years.
Don't think of UFO technology
and alien abduction phenomena
as something for Hollywood.
It's something that is
actually affected a lot of us
in real life.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>SANCHEZ: And I know that a
lot of young people out there,
they've succumbed
to a lot of this.
And I feel that
the youth effort is
what's going to propel the
future of the UFO research
community.
>>NOORY: When I was a
young boy in Detroit,
I would go out to the
night sky with my telescope
and look at the
planets and the moon.
And I would look up
at the stars, Anthony,
and I would try to will
a UFO to come down.
Never happened.
But you know what?
Maybe they did it later.
I'm not sure.
>>SANCHEZ: It's funny
how the universe works.
Because maybe it didn't
happen at that moment,
like you wanted,
but you ended up
becoming the voice of
the entire UFO community?
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's true.
Anthony, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>SANCHEZ: Thank
you so much, George.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Isn't it great
to have researchers
like Anthony Sanchez, author of
"The UFO Highway," who go out
and spend their careers, and
put their lives on the line,
to get us information about
what's really happening
on this planet and up there?
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."